I have never obstructed
[Music]
in [ __ ] he said well I want to string a
wire between the two World Trade Center
towers or something as a child I love to
climb and nobody could stop me if you
want something nothing is impossible you
told me it was a French journalist it's
impossible that's sure so let's start
working those 200 feet between the
towers and they were gonna be some guys
in the North Tower whole idea would be
that Jean Louie would send the arrow
from one building to another what we
just went ready ma'am I didn't want to
be liable for the death of a friend
[Music]
why did you do this police took a
humorless view of the act there is no
way
[Music]
beyond anything we could ever imagine
mind-boggling I saw his face turned him
now I'm better performing
this is probably the end of my life to
step on that one that is very close
Yoshiki hoga hoga haa day in the city
[Music]
[Applause]
I figured I was watching something that
somebody else would never see again in
the world thought it was
once-in-a-lifetime life should be lived
on the edge this is what we're here for
see every day as a true challenge and
then you live your life on the tightrope
[Music]
you